[chore] Describe configurable nature of attributes (#2577)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: docs/general/attribute-requirement-level.md

`network.transport` attribute defined in [General attributes](./README.md) with
`Conditionally Required` level on it.

## Requirement Levels

The below table seeks to summarise the behaviour of attributes on signals,
by providing a quick overview.
In the scenario where an instrumentation has not implemented an opt-in or recommended attribute,
the configuration option should either not exist or it should operate as a noop.
The same is the case for conditionally required attributes where the conditions or instructions are not satisfied.

> | Level | Included by Default | Included via Config | Excluded via Config |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Level | Included by default | Can be included via config | Can be disabled via config |
```

Maybe?

Reviewer: or since we use Opt-in opt-out, maybe we use that instead of "included/disabled"?

| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [Required](#required) | Yes | n/a | No |

> | [Conditionally Required](#conditionally-required) | Yes [^1] | No [^1] | No [^1] |

Reviewer: I see, so the table is not a summarization of the following text, but an overview of how each level can be configured/not configured?

I think then it makes sense, but I would move the table section after all the text. Then the flow of a reader is:

- I learn what each req level mean
- I learn how they are configured

Does it make sense?
